USQ docs to Beta (#20349)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/quota.md

Namespace: microsoft.graph

> The **quota** resource provides details about space constrains on a [drive](drive.md) resource. The values will reflect the overall total/used unified storage quota across multiple Microsoft services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **quota** resource provides details about space constraints on a [drive](drive.md) resource. The values reflect the total/used unified storage quota across multiple Microsoft services.
```
